[#57626] 14.6 Documentation: Meeting module changes  https://communit… (#16839)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/meetings/dynamic-meetings/README.md

Do not forget to save the changes by clicking the green **Save** button. Cancel will bring you back to the details view.

> [!TIP]
>

> > If someone else is working on updating or editing the meeting in parallel and saved their changes before you did, you will be notified by a banner. Click the **Reload** button to load the updated version of the page. 

Reviewer: Suggestion:

> If someone else edits or updates the current meeting page at the same time and saves their changes, you and all other users on the same page will be notified of this with a small banner at the top of the page. Click the **Reload** button to load the updated version of the page.

> > If someone else is working on updating or editing the meeting in parallel and saved their changes before you did, you will be notified by a banner. Click the **Reload** button to load the updated version of the page. 

Author: ```suggestion
> If someone else edits or updates the current meeting page at the same time and saves their changes, you and all other users on the same page will be notified of this with a small banner at the top of the page. Click the **Reload** button to load the updated version of the page.
```
